ci: switch integration tests to rippleci/xrpld image (follows xrpl.js #3270) (#291)
sephynox/xrpl-rust: CONTRIBUTING.md

- `-p 5005:5005 -p 6006:6006` exposes the HTTP JSON-RPC and WebSocket admin ports.
- `--rm` closes the container automatically when it exits.
- `-it` keeps stdin open so you can stop the node with Ctrl-C.
- `--name xrpld_standalone` is an instance name for clarity.

> - `--volume $PWD/.ci-config/:/etc/opt/xrpld/` mounts `xrpld.cfg` so the node binds on `0.0.0.0` and is reachable from the host. It must be an absolute path, so we use `$PWD` instead of `./`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--volume $PWD/.ci-config/:/etc/opt/xrpld/`: This command bind-mounts the host-directory (left-side path) to the docker container (right-side path). `xrpld.cfg` is located in `$PWD/.ci-config/` directory. This command is intended to be run from the root of the `xrpl-rust` project. The second-half of the directory path specifies the absolute-path inside the docker container. The `xrpld` binary searches for the configuration file inside the path: `/etc/opt/xrpld/`. 
```

nit: The mount-bind path of the docker container implicitly makes it accessible from the localhost. Calling it out does not provide additional information to the reader.

Author: Applied in 0080e17 (adapted wording slightly to keep the `$PWD` note about absolute paths). Thanks for the clearer phrasing.
